INTRODUCE AGENT & REQUESTER
SETUP Agent
1. In private window, impersonate Joseph Freeman - 3431318
2. Navigate to Service Operation Workspace
3. Select Inbox on the left and put status as available and wait 
SETUP Requester
In another private window, impersonate user  Jean-Christophe Billault - 2205123
Connect to Service Portal
2. Navigate to KB0018152 Print - Xerox - Paper Jams - General Printer Jam Troubleshooting
Select Live Chat with a help desk agent
Chat Summarization skill – overlaps with the Elara use case – merge outlines
End user starts a chat from a KB and interacts with agent.
As Agent accept Chat
Using both windows, perform a chat between requester and agent
As the agent type /summarize in the chat window
Expected result: a summary of the chat up to this point is displayed
Stop at this point to show the Summary
As Agent, end the chat above
Expected result: A summary of the chat is displayed "Chat Summary" field of interaction
Stop at this point to show the Summary in Chat
As Agent, close the interaction
As Agent, stay in the interaction form and select button Create incident
Expected result: In the Create New Incident form, the content of the interaction's chat summary is copied over to the incident Description
Save the Incident and note the number.
Stop to show the Summary on Incident ticket
Elara – Knowledge Agent 
[Use case 1 – Overlap with Chat Summarization] End user starts a chat from a KB and interacts with agent. Agent opens an Incident and closes Chat. Chat summary is appropriately generated.
Open the Incident created while showing Chat Summary
[Use case 2] End user starts an Incident from a KB and Agent uses “Create Knowledge Gap” – no new article created when KB ID field is filled in. Elara doesn’t do anything if the incident has a KB ID (even when KFT created). If the KB ID is empty then Elara should create a KB 
Agent opens an existing Incident, with NO KB ID entry. INC7602641
Agent selects “Report Knowledge Gap” KFT0001086
Open KFT
Wait for 2-3 minutes for update
Should be able to show a new KB was created, waiting to start publish workflow.
Agent opens another existing Incident, INC7602649, with KB ID entered.
KB0018152 v10.0
Agent selects “Report Knowledge Gap”
Open the KFT, KFT0001087
Wait for 2-3 minutes to be sure any updates are processed.
Should be able to show NO new KB was created in KB All Articles list (add created/created by)
Phoebe – Incident Agent 
Note – may need multiple ‘staged’ incidents set up to get through this part.
Open something unrelated to:
KB Print - Xerox - Roaming Print – FAQs, KB0018159 Printer (CI) 99-A59 Xerox_Copy Room Colour
The end user pulls up a KB and opens an Incident (No chat).
Describe enough that above KB would be suggested
User must state whether the KB does or does not fix their issue.
If yes, then Phoebe will resolve the issue. 
If no, Phoebe should assign the incident to someone.
Stop and review the state of the incident
The end user then reopens the Incident.
Type something in that doesn’t match the short description.
Phoebe should ask if you want to open a new incident.
Re-open another closed incident (staged).
Type something in additional comments as end user that matches current incident closely
Phoebe shouldn’t react to this.
Story A/C: (note that demo will not hit all A/C or might only show the outcome of some A/C as the system is quite slow at times)
Rules are running in the background – using KB ID they populate fields on the Incident. [Disable the rule that goes and gets data from KB  if can find them]
Sentiment Analysis and Trend 
Show existing sentiment and trend:
End user is angry
End user is happy
End user sentiment improves following resolution