ITSM Now Assist POC Project
 PM Introduction
October 28, 2025
Agenda
Introductions
Overview of Statement of Work (SOW)
Stakeholders & Project Team
Key Roles & Responsibilities
Delivery Excellence/Project Methodology
Project Tools 
Communication & Meetings Planning
Next Steps 
Q/A
CONFIDENTIAL
Statement of Work (SOW) Overview – In Scope
CONFIDENTIAL
Stakeholders & Project Team 
Boeing
Project Sponsor (?)
Project Manager
SME's
SN Platform Owner 
SN Architect 
Name - [Position], Project Role 
NewRocket
Lisa Brown – Area Delivery Director
Yitbarek Redda – Project Manager
Anusha 
Pankaj Yadav – Solution Architect 
Mylene Nadeau - Business Process Architect
Ashish Kaushik – Engineer/Technical Consultant
CONFIDENTIAL
Key Roles and Responsibilities
Boeing
Identify stakeholders
Complete Readiness Homework
Prepare for Kick-off
Prepare for Workshops
Participate in Workshops
Participate in Follow-up Sessions
Review and Approve Stories
Participate in weekly status
Validate developed stories
Validate design
Plan, lead UAT
Manage defect log
Manage Release to (Pre) Production
NewRocket
Develop project schedule
Lead Status calls
Lead Steering Calls
Manage budget
Maintain RIDAC
Manage and monitor project budget
Lead workshops
Create stories backlog
Manage sprints
Manage sprint ceremonies
Resolve UAT issues
Co-manage Release to (Pre) Production
Resolve post Go-live issues
CONFIDENTIAL
Delivery Excellence Methodology
ServiceNow NowCreate Methodology
NewRocket best practices added where appropriate
Project Tools
Project Plan: To assist with timeline visualization and order of operations, your NewRocket Project Manager will be managing and maintaining a Gantt-style project plan to be reviewed weekly during the status call.
RIDAC Log: Tracking Risks, Actions, Decisions, Actions, and Changes (RIDAC).
Status Report: Used to run our weekly status calls and summarize the project to key stakeholders. This report will contain information such as; Overall Status, Risks and Issues, Development Overview, Timeline and Budget.
Meeting Notes/Minutes: All meetings will be accompanied by meeting notes/minutes capturing action items and summary of discussion.
Story & Blocker Review Calls:  Weekly working sessions will be scheduled to provide the Boeing team and NewRocket team to review story progress and work through questions.
SCRUM Calls: If needed to aid in both team’s management of open action items, a series of SCRUM calls can be set up for 15 min each to review open action items.
Communication & Meetings Planning
Time zone(s) and working hours:  Eastern Time (ET) - UTC-4, 9:00 AM-2:00 PM 
File sharing tools: Microsoft Teams / SharePoint
Communication channels: Microsoft Teams / SharePoint
Establish weekly Status Meeting cadence: Weekly basis. PMs, Functional Leads (optional) 
Schedule weekly PM to PM meetings : Weekly basis. 
Establish Steering Committee cadence (if necessary) : Monthly basis. Boeing Leadership, NR Leadership
Identify Governance chain of command : same as 6
Managing change: Robust internal process via formal change control process and will initiate if any additional scope is identified during executing the project
Timeline Considerations
SOW Timeline [8 weeks]    Start Date: Monday October 27, 2025 
                                                       End Date: Friday, December 19, 2025 
Client or Regulatory requirements: 
Business drivers affecting timeline:  
Onboarding process (steps and duration):
NewRocket access to SN instance/portal:
Kick-off meeting planning:  Tuesday November 4, 2025 1:30 PM – 2:30 PM [ET]
Clone down schedule, upgrade considerations, etc.
Company holidays
Team PTO
Blackout Dates
Next Steps
Complete Pre-flight checklist 
Prepare for workshops
Touchbase –Friday October 31, 2025
Kickoff 
WS1 Friday October 7
Ws2, 
Questions?
Outcomes & Success Criteria
Success Criteria
Solution Quality
Raving Fans
Building trust through transparency and open communication
Exceed expectations via good strategic partnering
CSAT Score of “Excellent”
Meeting the expected business outcomes
Based on guiding principles
NewRocket looks at success along four dimensions.
On-time and On-budget
Partnership
Proactive use of Project Change Orders (PCOs)
Proactive use of Risks, Issues, Actions, Decisions, and Change Orders (RIDAC)
Zipper relationship
At NewRocket, we believe every client deserves an extraordinary delivery experience. Every project and client is unique. Our Project Managers and Crew Members are some of the best in the industry and ready to make sure you receive an extraordinary experience!
To ensure you are a raving fan, we will:
Build a trusted relationship with you acting as a strategic partner
Follow a consistent delivery methodology
Promote open and honest two-way communication 
Check in regularly and ask, “How are we doing?”
Act on feedback 
Measure project success using our Project Pulse Check Process and ServiceNow’s CSAT Survey process
Hold lessons learned and continuously improve based on feedback
Outcomes & Success Criteria
Client Satisfaction
At NewRocket we measure Client Satisfaction using the following two methods:
Pulse Check Survey Process
At specific checkpoints in the project the NewRocket Project Manager will initiate a Pulse Check Survey to measure client satisfaction. An email is sent with one question and a comments section. Your participation is critical to our success and let’s our crew know what is going well and areas we may need to work on. Proactively addressing issues and open communication will ensure a successful project!
ServiceNow CSAT Survey 
During the delivery phase the Project Manager will review if the project meets the ServiceNow Deployment Registration Requirements. If the project is determined a good fit, a deployment will be created and completed during the delivery phase. A part of the deployment ServiceNow sends out a Client satisfaction (CSAT) survey on behalf of the partner to measure success and gather feedback.
The ratings and feedback received is very important to NewRocket for continuous improvement and being able to pro actively address issues while a project is in flight. Our Project Crew are dedicated to earning a rating of “Excellent” and Client Participation is important.
If there are ever ANY issues during the project that would keep you from rating NewRocket as “Excellent”, please reach out to your project manager or account executive to discuss the issue and we will make it right!
Expectations – Solution Architect
Expectations – Business Process Analyst