New Rocket Now AssistPOC
Byran Zigler
10/30/2025
GSEP AI Enabled Capabilities
2
Use Case 1 - Agent
Use Agent to Manage Incidents.
Assess incidents being created by AskBoeing and Through General Troubleshooting.
Suggest KB Articles
Determine most likely relevant KB
Route to appropriate Assignment group
[Mylène]Phoebe will attach the appropriate knowledge article to the incident and that should fill in the good info, including assignment group.
Measures 
Improved First Time routing of “General Tickets”
#of tickets re-routed/ # of tickets routed 
Improved Response to re-opened tickets
Time from Resolved  In Progress to comment by agent is reduced.
Automation savings  #of Automated closures
3
Use Case 1 - Agent
Use Agent to Manage Incidents.
Manage Re-Open Incidents
Prompt for information on why they are re-opening Incident
Route to appropriate Assignment group
[Mylène] Phoebe should trigger on state change from Resolved  In progress
[Mylène] Phoebe should analyze resolution notes, provide further details with KB
[Mylène] Phoebe should ask more questions to the requestor through the additional comment in the incident
[Mylène] Phoebe should open a new incident if the request seems to be something completely new, this should be supervised, and the requestor should agree to open a new incident, if they say no, ticket would be re-opened and 
Measures 
Improved First Time routing of “General Tickets”
#of tickets re-routed/ # of tickets routed 
Improved Response to re-opened tickets
Time from Resolved  In Progress to comment by agent is reduced.
Automation savings  #of Automated closures
4
Manage Request to close ticket from user
Determine Closure reason
Fill in closure notes.
Helpdesk puts incident on hold and people self-resolve but the incident never gets out of hold
Phoebe should scan the on-hold queue for any comment provided by requester and close incidents that have been self-resolved with the appropriate closure reason 
Confirm with incident people, if an email or additional comments is received, does the state move back to in progress
5
Use Case 2 – Interaction & Incident Summary
Use Now Assist to support Interaction Records
Summarize Chat
Provide Recommended Actions
Create Incident
Use Now Assist to support  Incident Records
Summarize Incident
Provide Recommended Actions
Configure AI search in Service Operations Workspace to use content from “Agent_1” field. 
Measures 
Improved consistent response in chat
Automation savings - # Incidents created using automation
Usage – number of summarizations = Automation hours
Recommended Actions success???
Automation savings  # of KB articles selected from search.
6
Use Case 3 – Knowledge
Use Knowledge Agent to Support Knowledge Gaps
Identify Gaps in KB article
Provide Recommended KB article topics
Use Now Assist to recommend KB article Title, and Tags
Measures 
Automation - # of Article gaps identified
Automation - # of KB article recommended
Automation - # of KB titles, tags recommended
7